Card Haven

Motivation

Card Haven is an online marketplace designed for trading card game (TCG) enthusiasts. 
The motivation behind this project stems from the challenges that collectors, players, and investors face in finding authentic and diverse TCG products in one place. 
Our platform aims to solve these problems by offering a comprehensive selection of single cards, sealed boxes, graded cards, and card accessories. 
We exist to provide a secure, user-friendly, and community-driven environment where users can easily find and purchase the TCG products they need, enhancing their collecting and gaming experience

Features
Wide Product Selection: Access to singles, sealed products, graded cards, and accessories across various trading card games.
Advanced Search and Filtering: Find specific cards and products quickly with detailed filters.
User Accounts: Create profiles to manage orders, wishlists, and preferences.
Secure Transactions: SSL encryption and secure payment gateways to protect user data.
Community Engagement: Features such as product reviews and ratings to foster a community of TCG enthusiasts.


to run this :

To run the front-end model of our website locally, please follow these steps:
Download the Project Files
Clone the repository using Git: git clone https://github.com/thy1182/card-haven.git
2 . cd card-haven/menu
Open the Website Locally Using a Web Browser


Contribution

We welcome contributions from the community! Here's how you can get involved:
Fork the Repository
Click the "Fork" button at the top of this repository to create your own copy.
Clone Your Fork
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/card-haven.git

Choose the Appropriate Branch
We use three main branches:
main: Stable version with all approved changes.
bugs: For addressing and fixing reported issues.
changes: For experimenting with new designs or features.
Note: Always create a new branch off the appropriate base branch for your work.
git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name

Make Your Changes
Navigate to the menu directory where the HTML and CSS files are located.
Ensure your code follows the project's style guidelines.
Write clear and descriptive commit messages.

git push origin feature/your-feature-name

Submit a Pull Request
Go to the repository on GitHub and open a pull request against the main or relevant branch.

Issue Tracking
GitHub Issues: We use GitHub Issues to track bugs, feature requests, and improvements.
Issue Labels: We label issues for easy identification (e.g., bug, enhancement, question).
Assigning Issues: Before working on an issue, please assign it to yourself to prevent duplication of effort.


Issue Labels: We label issues for easy identification (e.g., bug, enhancement, question).
Assigning Issues: Before working on an issue, assign it to yourself to prevent duplication of effort.
